teamcatmojo
I am excited can you tell I've been
waiting to put this down into the video
ether for quite a long time now I get
the chance can't wait man we are going
to be talking today about the confident
where are you ready to get catified
let's go so what we're going to be
talking about today is the confident
where where in the world are they
confident is your cat a bush dweller a
tree dweller or a beach dweller a bush
dweller
is a type of cat who is always hiding
under the coffee table or there behind a
potted plant a bush and they are waiting
to do what in the raw cat mind if we
think about cats in the wild what are
they waiting to do but waiting the hunt
to strike two to get your ankles to do
something they're there down there
getting their mojo on now tree dweller
pretty obvious they're not down there on
the floor behind the potted plant what
are they doing they're up there
somewhere now here's the important thing
with tree dwellers it can be anywhere
above the ground right tree dwelling
doesn't necessarily mean way up in the
rafters rafters included for sure but it
can be this chair it can be this table
it can be on the top of the couch it can
be way up in the rafters but they are
demonstrating confidence up the beach
dweller still lives out on the floor
likes to feel all four paws are firmly
touching terra firma got it however they
do like being out out yes you know that
cat the cat thing you trip over every
day when you come into the living room
and you haven't had your coffee yet and
you go face-planting into the kitchen
because you've tripped on your beach cat
what they're doing is they're sending a
clear message to you and to the other
animals in the house basically you want
to get from point A to point B you're
gonna
have to not take the straightest path
you're going to have to go around me
remember something it's all about cat
mojo 101 which is what confident
ownership of territory where does your
cat demonstrate confidence right well
what's the anti confident where where
are the places where your cat develops a
lack of confidence fear now if you use
the word hide then you're not talking
about a dweller you're talking about a
hider you're talking about a caver right
so if a cat is caving that's saying that
they like to be small invisible if they
could they would disappear into their
cave that's what makes a cat a caver so
what turns a caved cat into a bush
dweller well I'm glad you asked because
this is what catification is all about
catification is getting you to the point
where instead of hiding where we can't
find you what I owe you're behind that
that shoebox back there to creating an
environment where it's under our control
where we're saying you know what it's
okay if you want to be in an enclosed
environment but we wanted to be where we
want it to be let's look at another
example right you say Jackson galaxy I
have a cat who's a tree dweller he never
comes off the fridge huh wha huh no your
cat is not confident on top of the
fridge your cat is fridging they're up
there trying to get away from other cats
who are tormenting them or kids or
humans they're not coming down because
they only feel safe there they can
disappear up there safety does not equal
confidence it's a component of but
that's the pendulum swinging way to the
other side right we want your cat to be
the Mojito cat we want you to catch up
like that ready to take on the world and
if they're on top of the fridge that
ain't it so what are we trying to do
we're trying to transition the fridge
cat to be a tree dweller right and how
do we do that we catify we give the
world ramps and a cat superhighway
to make sure they can move around there
with confidence and then over time we
encourage them to come down and join the
rest of the world so what our job is if
our cat is displaying the unconfident
we're if our cat is displaying fear and
the urge to disappear and be small we
want to say to them just as if they were
our children go out there step into your
greatness and the way a cat steps into
their greatness is territorially if they
own the joint they are a confident
genius of a cat and that's what we want
we don't want to change our cats we
don't want to we don't want them to be
someone they're not if they're
introspective that's who they are if
they're the life of the party that's who
they are but we don't want the
introverted cat to become a hermit
that's not a good life you know your cat
and if you don't know your cat all you
got to do is watch him all you got to do
is put on your cat glasses and watch
them and you will find out the most
intense stuff man
hey what makes us team cat mojo it's the
we it's the us and how do we become a we
and us and how do we make life better
for cats our cats all those cats shelter
cats cats on the street we spread the
word we talked to one another we become
a community so how do you do that
subscribe leave me a comment here so
that I talk about the things that you
want to hear about and find me on
Twitter and on Facebook and on Instagram
and Google+ and speaking of Google
Hangouts be sure to join me on Wednesday
February 5th I'll answer your questions
and we're going to talk more about
declawing so stay tuned for more
information but man get that on your
calendar and do it now you
I've been watching cat mojo with Jackson
galaxy please stay tuned there is so
much more to come and until we talk
again folks life love and mojo to you
I'm not back at your back I'm just
misunderstood meow